Update composer update documentation (#308)
mautic/user-documentation: docs/getting_started/how_to_update_mautic.rst

Follow the steps below to update your core files.

1. Backup your ``composer.lock`` and ``composer.json`` file. If something does not work as expected during the ``composer update`` command, restore them and run ``composer install`` to return your codebase to the state it was in before attempting to update.

2. Edit the ``composer.json`` file, and change all previous versions with the version you wish to update to for all Mautic packages.

>     * If you are running ``5.0.4`` and want to update to ``5.1.0``, replace ``5.0.4`` with ``5.1.0`` for all packages that start with ``mautic/`` and are set to ``5.0.4``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * If you are running ``5.0.4`` and want to update to ``5.1.0``, replace ``5.0.4`` with ``5.1.0`` for all packages that start with ``mautic/`` and currently use ``5.0.4``.
```

Vale fix

    * You may also need to increase the versions of any other packages you have either manually added or added through :ref:`Mautic Marketplace`.

>     * If you have not added any extra packages, you can also replace the entire ``composer.json`` file with the newer version from the `repository <https://github.com/mautic/recommended-project>`_ that matches your desired target version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * If you haven't added any extra packages, you can also replace the entire ``composer.json`` file with the newer version from the `repository <https://github.com/mautic/recommended-project>`_ that matches your desired target version.
```

Vale fix
